document `--watch` for `astro check`  command (#2759)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/cli-reference.mdx

This command is intended to be used in CI workflows.

<h3>Flags</h3>

Use these flags to customize the behavior of the command.

#### `--watch`

> The command will watch for any change to `.astro` files, and will report errors, if there are any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command will watch for any changes to `.astro` files, and will report any errors.
``` 

If this is also happening "real time" or "as they arise/occur", a phrase like that to distinguish from the regular `check` command that just checks at the moment of the command, could be nice here.
